after the fury of Wednesday evening
there was comparative calm in the House
of Commons on Thursday but beneath it
the anger lingered we do not on these
benches therefore believe that you can
continue in your role as Speaker we do
not have confidence in your ability to
do so the Scottish national party says s
lindsy Ho's decision to allow a vote on
an amendment by the main opposition
labor party prevented voting on its own
Gaza ceasefire motion
in its language referring to Collective
punishment instead there was chaos as
the governing conservative party removed
its own Amendment and the labor one was
passed automatically heading off a
potentially embarrassing labor split on
a Gaza
ceasefire with dozens of many
conservative and SNP members signing a
motion of no confidence in him the
speaker again apologized but maintained
he was trying to allow a range of voting
options for MPS whose safety might
depend on how they V voted on this issue
I never ever want to go through a
situation where I pick up a phone to
find a friend of whatever side has been
murdered by Terrorist on that point the
conservative prime minister weigh in my
understanding is that the speaker has
apologized for what happened and is
reflecting on that but I think the
important Point here is that we should
never let extremists intimidate us into
changing the way in which Parliament
works some conservative voices have been
urging caution though when it comes to
calling for the removal of the Speaker
of the House they've been setting their
fire instead on the leader of the labor
party whom they accuse of unduly
pressuring s Lindsay on
Wednesday the labor leader admits he
went to the speaker ahead of the debate
but denied that he'd threatened to
withdraw support from him if he didn't
table Labour's amendment I can
categorically tell you that I did not
threaten the speaker in any way
whatsoever I simply urg him to ensure
that we have the broadest possible
debate for a second day the core issue
of life and death in Gaza has been
subsumed by a row about politics and
procedure Harry forcett Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer